Tenant loader jobs (#673)
kyma-incubator/compass: components/director/cmd/tenantloader/README.md

# Tenant loader

## Overview

> It is an application that is being runned in `tenant-loader-job`. It's main task is to synchronize given tenants with Compass.

Reviewer: IMO we should not mention where this is used, here it is a place for describing what this app is doing.

## How to run
The user has to provide two environment variables:

- `TENANTS_SRC` - which is a path to JSON file which holds tenant data
- `TENANT_PROVIDER` - which specifies the provider of tenants

## Application flow

1. Read the file from source provided in `TENANTS_SRC` environment variable.
2. Try to parse JSON file to tenant structure

> 3. Synchronise tenants with Compass (not implemented yet)

Reviewer: already implemented?

> ## Example JSON file with tenants

Reviewer: Is it only an example, or supported format?

# Tenant loader

## Overview

> It is an application that is supposed to synchronize given tenants from given directory with Compass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tenant loader is an application that synchronizes tenants from a given directory with Compass.
```

| ENV                                      | Default                         | Description                                                   |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| APP_DB_USER                              | postgres                        | Database username                                             |
| APP_DB_PASSWORD                          | pgsql@12345                     | Database password                                             |
| APP_DB_HOST                              | localhost                       | Database host                                                 |
| APP_DB_PORT                              | 5432                            | Database port                                                 |
| APP_DB_NAME                              | postgres                        | Database name                                                 |
| APP_DB_SSL                               | disable                         | Database SSL mode (disable / enable)                          |

## Application flow

> 1. Read the `/data/` directory with tenants files inside

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Read the `/data/` directory where tenant files reside
```

> 2. Try to parse each JSON file from the directory to tenant structure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Try to parse each `.json` file from the directory to the tenant structure
```

> 3. Synchronise tenants with Compass

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Synchronize tenants with Compass
```

> ## Supported format of JSON file with tenants

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported format of .json file with tenants
```
